Hey,
what's going on is bill burn is time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday.
Monday morning podcast and ah,
just checking again.
Oh,
can't,
how are you?
What's going on?
Jesus Christ.
I wrote my little notes area.
We'll collect collect ticks instead of Celtics.
Huh?
Oh fuck.
There's another helicopter flying over.
I am out here in Los Angeles.
Los Angeles is on fire.
That's all everybody's talking about.
Oh my God.
Are you okay?
Are you anywhere near the fire?
I am fine.
I have not had to evacuate yet.
I have a,
I've driven past the fires.
It's just,
it's just what happens out here.
Plus a global warming is the issue.
Earlier this year we had unseasonably high rains in the hills,
turned green.
It looked like fucking Portland,
Oregon and the fucking dumb ass mayor out his leg.
The drought is over,
so everybody goes back to water and they're fucking lawns and it's just like the
drought has never over out here.
It's over fucking populated and we live in a place that should not exist.
Okay.
That is such a fucking irresponsible statement.
We have enough water now where there isn't a drought,
but please conserve it because we don't know when it's gonna rain like that
again.
Thank you.
And it's,
you know,
it's on to Chicago and let's win there.
That's what the fuck she should have said.
Oh Hey,
I don't know what the fuck it was.
Right.
So all it did was just fatten up the fucking land said always burned out here.
Anyways,
so Santa Ana,
when z come in after my Javvi desert over there,
it's like a giant fucking hair dryer.
It dries out the fucking they'll fuck in the hills and it lights on fire.
But the problem is,
is people live there now.
So then that's when it becomes a problem.
Mike.
Oh,
are gone.
How are they going to get their fucking Prius out of air?
Um,
by the way,
I love all the people playing like politics,
you know,
going good.
All those fucking liberals are burning out there.
It's a,
La is one of the most conservative fucking places you're ever going to live in
this second.
She get into the valley,
just get out of there.
Get out of Hollywood with all these starlets solving problems as they accept a
fucking award.
You know,
let's not forget about the fucking planet puts his in the cove next to the blood
diamonds.
Thank you so much.
This one's for all the fat bitches,
right,
right.
Whatever the fuck it is.
They say,
you know,
before they jump in their limo back to their fucking gated community outside,
outside,
you just go to Burbank and they're making it great again.
All right.
And first of all,
what kind of a fucking ass hole?
Watch his fellow Americans houses burn down,
you know,
and they actually are happy about it.
You know what I mean?
This is how fucked up like,
okay,
like politics has become an a in this,
in this goddamn country.
However,
I feel like Hollywood did bring it on themselves with their fucking finger
wagon.
You know,
I told you that fucking jerk off.
So this guy in Twitter and he goes,
okay,
in case you didn't take your smart pills today,
um,
Obama is awesome.
It's just like,
what?
Like,
how dumb are you that that's how you'd present your point as opposed to me who
just calls everybody comes,
he should do it the way that I do it.
So anyways,
I'm
watching all of this shit happen and knowing that,
you know,
and I believe anyways that we are playing a major role in it is really
depressing.
But I've,
I've now I've got myself into a positive mindset about it.
I just think they think they're going to look at like the last hundred years
is just this
period in our history where we were wrong.
It's not wrong with oil.
We didn't fucking realize that it was going to do all of this shit.
But now we know and I think that's getting in the future.
I think that we're going to,
hopefully we'll utilize solar power,
wind,
uh,
water,
whatever the fuck it is that these egg heads know how to use.
I mean,
I show,
I saw that flashlight the other day.
It just runs on water.
I mean,
we,
we can do stuff like this and we can live happily.
All right,
we don't need to cut beaks off chickens.
You know,
I think in every period,
like when you look at how we get to live right now,
it's fucking amazing.
And even still how we treat each other is amazing compared to way we did it for
500 years ago.
Well,
eventually there's going to be four or 500 years beyond this and they're going
to be looking at us like that.
We were barbarians and they were spraying on let it feel until the atmosphere
was hating on the positives were Burdick data.
They bought chickens.
Right?
You know,
as we sit there thinking we're fucking amazing because we can take a pill that
makes her dick stand up even though we're 85.
Um,
so I think we're going to come out of it.
I think,
uh,
what has to happen is to solar people have to start paying off politicians the
way the oil people do.
And once that happens,
then hopefully what will happen is the same thing that happened in my business
where I watched everybody being at the big three networks all of a sudden
wanting to be over it.
And Netflix.
So if you look at the big three,
like NBC,
ABC,
and CBS is,
you know,
the oil companies,
hopefully everybody will jump over to like solar stuff.
And I know people are saying,
well,
you know,
you need flicking junior age and getting me,
keep looking for,
look into it.
I know,
I realize that.
I realize that there's always going to be some sort of lubricant.
Um,
I understand that.
But you know,
have you seen that,
that,
that fucking shit that Tesla guy came out with where they got the,
they got the,
uh,
the roof tiles that are solar.
I don't know if they work yet.
I don't know if he can even fucking get it.
But if those things fucking work,
and I mean,
there's a thing,
there's a thing that blow $1 billion a month on,
right as it Plos post of fly in f eighteens trying to find fucking people with a
little bag of dynamite and some nails in it.
Those little cock suckers over there.
Man,
they're fucking bankrupt in us
running around with a little trick or treat bag and we'll fucking sick sending
$1 billion worth a shit at him every fucking month.
They're never going to defeat us in that game.
They're going to kill this fucking financially.
That's it.
I'm off my tree stump that just burned down.
One of the great things about spending a lot of time alone is nobody debates the
points you're making.
So you always feel like you're right.
And that's what I'm doing right now.
Um,
please by all means,
don't take any of this shit seriously.
Alright,
I'm just fucking around.
I talk about what's in the news.
Okay?
Don't get your red tie or your blue tie and your fucking panties in a bunch.
All right.
Grow the fuck up.
Um,
hey,
what's going on this weekend on the fucking La Rams?
The who would have thought La fucking rams.
What are the 92,
10 and two?
I don't know where the fuck were you armed?
Too busy editing.
The third season of F is for family.
Um,
I dunno where the hell we are.
God Damn,
it's already December.
Can you believe that the regular season of football is almost over?
The regular season of college football is already over.
We're already into the bowl season.
It's just unfucking believable how fast the football season goes by September,
October,
November,
December.
And if you look at baseball,
that's April,
May,
June,
July.
Well,
no wonder they still play September.
We've also,
they still play September,
August,
September and into October and into fucking November.
Oh,
there you go.
Unfucking believable.
Um,
well they can say plaintiff February hearing,
who knows.
Anyways,
um,
I was actually going to have time next week to,
uh,
start flying again.
The helicopter.
I was going to try to get up to 150 hours by the end of the year.
And I had this flight I wanted to do from long beach up to Bakersfield,
over to Santa Barbara and then back down to a long beach.
And who's going to take me roughly like three hours?
And I was going to do that about five,
six times and I was going to get my,
uh,
I was going to be up to 150 hours.
And,
uh,
then the fires came and I was like,
all right,
you know what,
I'm not going to be another asshole up there in the fucking way.
And plus I don't want to have to deal with trying to fly around that shit.
So,
uh,
I don't know,
maybe I'll do it in January cause I'm taking most of January off.
Um,
by the way,
I was going to be in Santa Barbara this weekend that got moved.
Um,
that got cancelled and moved because of the fires.
so I don't know,
maybe in February or something like that.
I'll let you guys know what the,
uh,
the rescheduled date is.
Um,
anyways,
let's,
uh,
let's move ahead.
Um,
oh,
and also I forgot to trash the liberals that we're happy that Rupert Murdoch's
house caught on fire too.
I mean,
you just,
you just beyond a childish cunt,
if watching another person's house on fire because you don't agree with their
fucking political
views,
it's just,
that just blows my mind,
you know?
I Dunno.
Look if his tie caught on fire anymore,
but why won't he had to pat it off?
There's,
I mean,
that's funny.
You know,
the guy's got a zillion fucking tight,
he probably has a zillion houses too.
I mean,
what,
what am I saying here?
I'll tell you what I'm saying.
I watch the Celtics,
I'm getting caught up on the [inaudible],
the Celtics.
I watched my Bruins,
uh,
make a valiant effort to get back in the game with Nashville,
which they did a bright,
as I said in the second period,
I was just like,
just come on man,
let's score one fucking goal here before the end of the second period.
They did still ended up losing five to three.
But,
um,
I dunno.
I Dunno what the Bruins are doing,
you know,
I was like,
what the fuck are they doing when they blew up the team and then we started to
make some progress last year and this year,
I know what I think we just have,
we had a bunch of injuries and shit,
so I'm still holding out hope that they know what they're doing.
But I just,
I think we just signed some guy that was more of a physical presence,
but somebody,
we're still feeling the effects of not having Luci each out there,
man,
every three or four shifts.
But,
uh,
watch the Celtics first,
the,
uh,
the Milwaukee Bucks and,
and watch that Yannis,
uh,
Super Khalil,
fragile,
whatever his fucking name is,
uh,
the Greek freak.
Jesus Christ.
Okay.
The difference between him last year when the Celtics played,
and this year,
I mean,
that guy was unbelievable.
He ate,
he had every,
every fucking shot you could possibly have.
The guy's hitting fucking three pointers.
He was Dunkin on gay.
He was dunking on guys.
He was like 12 feet away from the rim and he would just reach his fucking arm.
Just keeps going.
Um,
I got to see that guy life.
That is,
uh,
that's when he's fucking young,
before his knees and they start,
you know,
like,
like when you look at Tom Brady and he was like,
what do you see as socks?
And you could see there's all kinds of metal and shit underneath his fucking
socks now.
MMM.
Or like Allen Iverson,
who by the end was wearing like a cat suit,
you know,
they had like those compression sleeves and then he got one on your leg.
Um,
I want to see that dude when he's fucking young,
you know,
not favor and an injury,
just dunking on people the way I saw the other night.
It was,
it was,
it was an incredible display.
Um,
I got to start watching them.
I just don't have fucking time.
I teach,
this is what I take.
I take Bruins,
Celtics,
patriots and Duke University.
Okay.
MMM.
And I try to stay up on those as much as I can.
And um,
I got to start taping the Kansas Jayhawks too.
And it's just,
it's just not enough fucking time.
Kansas Jayhawks that's my first team.
That's my first team.
But I got into Duke last year when I went to that game.
And um,
okay.
I Dunno.
And I also,
I called in this show and I got to talk to coach k and he was talking about like
how hard it is to recruit now
because everybody's like one and done and he somehow got another whole batch of
one and done instead of the shit.
Two or three guys and a,
I dunno,
it's like what Kentucky does every year,
but a,
I don't know what happened.
I mean,
I have slowly become like a college sports fan while trying to still pay
attention to the pro shit's still not knowing what the Los Angeles Rams record
is.
All right,
well we got,
we got Jared was his name,
golf jaw for whatever the fuck he says that his,
his last name is like,
how do you say Gif?
Jiff said Jeff is a Gif.
Um,
versus uh,
Carson Wentz.
Um,
although I got to tell you after watching the Seattle Seahawks last fucking
week.
Yeah,
I mean that was,
that was a,
that was an MVP level performance by Russell Wilson.
I couldn't even tell how good their offensive life.
It was good.
If it just absolutely sucked.
It was like every fucking play drop back for a pass.
There'd be like three eagles,
you know,
defensive linemen in his face and he would just fucking zig zag around up there
and changed direction.
Do is spin.
The one thing I will say about the Seahawks offensive line is they are really
good about not holding when some shit like that because usually when somebody
changes direction,
somebodies like,
oh fuck,
now you're going back the other way.
Then they just,
they can't fight the urge to just hold.
They were really good about not doing that shit.
I guess when you can't really tackle somebody,
there's no reason to block.
But um,
I was really,
really impressed with how well Pete Carroll had those guys play in,
in the fact that,
uh,
Sherman was out with the ruptured Achilles and you hate to see that.
Where is the fun beating Seattle?
If you know Sherman is plane,
you're not beating the Seahawks and me come,
c'mon,
you're beating an injured fucking team.
But they stay still looked.
Uh,
I think the Patriots,
Jesus Christ,
we don't get enough pressure on the quarterback.
Forget about a guy that runs around like that.
I would not want to play those guys.
Um,
there I admitted it.
They were scary fucking team.
All right,
let me read a little bit of,
um,
let me read a little bit of this shit here.
Um,
the advertising.
All right,
man crate everybody.
This crate is for men only.
All right lady.
She got your rug gyms.
All right,
you making your speeches.
Okay.
Oh,
your feminist speeches.
We'll look what happens now.
There's the pushback man crate crate for a man.
Or if you're a lady out there and you want to get by your guy a created a shit,
this is probably it.
It's hard to pick.
It's hard to pick out the perfect gift.
It's also hard to fucking mine for diamonds,
but all too easy to get it totally wrong.
Introducing mad great.com there's sheriffs way to find awesome gifts.
Guys will love guaranteed a,
this isn't a lane cheese of the month club or a new tie man crate offers gifts
for every type of guy from the rugged outdoorsman to the sports fanatic and
everyone in between.
Are you alligator arm that the rugged outdoorsman to the sports fanatic?
C'Mon man.
I,
once they said the rugged outdoorsman,
I thought they're going to be to the,
the,
the hipster with the genes that are making them not be able to have a fucking
baby anymore.
Um,
like the whiskey appreciation crate.
Holy Shit.
I love these people.
These people have my full fucking endorsement.
The whiskey appreciation crate,
the fuck is that with a personalize lasered edge to canter and glasses for his
favorite drink.
They put your name on the glass so you don't even feel like an alcoholic.
You feel like you accomplished something.
I love man crate and the grill master crate with a brass knuckle meat tenderizer
and it cast iron smoker box.
Jason's,
that's for the fucking angry guy,
Huh?
Just go to [inaudible] dot com picked a perfect crate and choose your delivery
date.
When his man crate arrives,
he'll be the envy of every guy in the room as he prize that bad boy open with
his own laser.
Engrave Crowbar a,
they have thousands of five star reviews and every man Craig comes with their
high five guarantee on the holidays.
Go to man crate.com/ [inaudible] to get 5% off your order.
They don't offer this discount anywhere else says 5% off man crate man crates
dotcom slash.
Burn.
Was I saying it wrong?
No,
it's man crates Dotcom.
Sorry.
Plural.
M A N C r a t e s.com/burr.
Alright.
Tipsy elves.
Everyone.
All right,
everyone needs and I want to see that fucking Greek freak dunk on a bunch of
tipsy elves hub out that everyone needs an ugly Christmas sweater this time of
year.
If you want.
Bragging rights for the most talked about sweater,
your Christmas party.
Listen up a while.
You're shopping for your ugly sweater.
Checkout the other holidays,
all the alcohol,
other holiday attire for yourself or as a gift like adult onesies.
They even sell wild and wild and crazy ski suits for your skiers.
Few skiers out there for men.
Three P's,
Christmas suits,
interactive sweaters,
beer pong,
corn hole,
and hilarious holiday tee shirts for women.
Holiday leggings,
whore it up,
sweater dresses and cozy adult onesies.
Specific sizing for men and women so everyone can get a perfect fit.
You know what those adult onesies remind me of.
You know those people,
I don't even believe that they agree exists.
Those people that dress up like mascots so they can fuck each other with some
donkey head on.
I don't exist.
I don't believe that those people exist.
Um,
or is that a stepping stone just to beastiality.
You know
when she fucking like the Ohio state Buckeye fucks the A,
I dunno what the San Diego chicken.
It's so fucking weird.
Right now.
My listeners get 20% off tipsy elves.com when you use my code bird checkout,
that's 20% off anything you order on the right on the site shop now so you don't
have a,
so you have the best selection to choose from and have it in time for your ugly
Christmas sweater party.
Go to tipsy [inaudible] dot com enter my code burr checkout.
Oh,
enter my code.
[inaudible] at checkout to get your 20% off.
Sitewide discount.
That's tipsy elves.com and my code burr.
Oh look who's here.
Everybody about who?
Dude.
[inaudible] MIYAN DDS LA is fucking on fire.
Doo,
Doo Doo Brd,
BRD.
Someone fucking lit a tire.
It rolled into the hills and burn the houses down.
The guy who created Ninja turtles
now as addressed like a clown because he had all his money in a fucking safe
inside his house at fucking burned down.
The money didn't burn the fire department stolen,
but da Ba da Ba da Ba boop.
Um,
yeah,
that's a big thing.
You know,
just like this corrupt referees in the NBA.
There's corrupt firemen and you'll have,
you'll have a fire in your fucking garage and then,
you know,
they'll put that out.
And when you go into your bedroom,
you,
your wife's missing your earrings.
Where's my earrings?
I burned up in the fire
me on these,
everybody,
every year millions of people received the least light gift of all time
underwear.
Uh,
but we will still give it to our family and our loved ones who just don't want
it.
But maybe it's not that that the underwears the problem.
Maybe it's the kind of underwear.
Let me tell you about me undies.
The only underwear that makes for an amazing gift be undies made underwear.
The perfect gift and everyone is going to love you for it's a God Damn Holiday
Miracle Jack Nicholson should be.
Then it's a god day and Holiday Mirror this year.
Don't give underwear.
It gives me undies this holiday season to get your exclusive 20% off the softest
underwear and socks you'll ever wear.
Where?
Where,
where free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed.
Go to me and he stopped.
Comm.
Slash.
Bird.
That's me.
undies.com/bar and the last one lastly,
but not leastly pro fucking fly
pro flowers.
Everybody.
If there aren't people you're going to see this holiday.
Don't send a card or the same old holiday traditional shit.
Send a pro flowers bouquet or plant through it.
If you're a guy,
you should send one of these to another guy friend just cause it's fucking
hilarious.
You know,
thinking of you with like hugs and kisses a,
their bestselling candy cane roses are a great option for a holiday gift.
I'm going to send that to Joe to Rosa candy cane roses and you know what?
He'd whole fucking love it.
December birthday or anniversary or you can always go with their classic and
mini Christmas tree that comes with lights and ornaments.
I'm going to get one of those because we're going back here.
We're going to bag each.
Did she go family bad gauged uh,
for Christmas.
So,
uh,
maybe I'll get one of those.
He can't lose no matter which bouquet you send.
My listeners get 20% off any of pro flowers,
unique bouquets of $29 or more pro flower bouquets and plants are guaranteed to
stay fresh and you control the delivery date.
Set it and forget it.
Pro Flowers gives you more bloom for your buck.
Big beautiful flowers.
More stems for your money and long lasting freshness.
Uh,
to get 20% off all bouquets of $29,
a more,
go to proflowers.com and use my code burr at checkout.
That's proflowers.com and code bar.
All right.
Guess what I'm doing?
Um,
this,
this fucking month.
I am trying to stay off social media because I think it is a,
uh,
I think it has,
it's,
it definitely has its good points now.
Right?
But wherever they are,
I don't see them right now.
I'm taking a month off.
I'll still obviously tweet and post shit,
but I'm not reading anything.
Are any of that fucking crap?
Um,
I'm trying to be perfect Billy this month.
I'm trying to go back to the bill that I was when I was eight years old.
I didn't drink.
You know,
I didn't take the occasional hit of weed.
I didn't fucking,
I didn't watch porno.
Right?
I did watch people getting fucking slapped by gorillas on fucking youtube,
but didn't exist.
Okay.
I ended up pure fucking mind.
I went outside,
I picked up a stick and I played cowboys and Indians and reenacted the genocide
that made this country what it is.
Okay.
I was innocent.
Uh,
yeah.
I'm just trying to fucking,
now I'm trying to slow it down here.
All right.
I've been doing great,
man.
Uh,
Dean del Rey has gotten me on this fucking diet that is working for me and I
just got to eat more salads.
I got to get it again.
I haven't been doing that lately,
but,
uh,
um,
I swear to God,
I know you guys are going to fucking hate me.
I know you're going to fucking hate me.
I'm laying off the bread.
I'm kind of doing that gluten free thing,
you know.
And I used to always be like,
fuck that dude.
I'm always eating pizza.
I'm always eating bread and shit.
I got to tell you something dude.
The fucking wait jus if you don't booze and you lay off the bread and the flower
that get off and you eat well,
that the fan has nowhere to hide.
It's like fucking roaches when you turn the light or I guess they run an I
don't,
they,
I don't know what it is.
I Dunno.
I Dunno what the,
I don't know.
I hate people.
I don't know what the fucking analogy is.
It's,
it's out there somewhere.
All right.
But it's not in my brain right now.
Um,
and I'm actually liking the Goddamn food.
I finally went to steel cut oats.
Uh,
and for some reason on this diet,
I'm putting a little brown sugar and a little bit of butter in there.
It's been fucking tremendous.
And I know there's all these people are going,
oh my God,
glad he's getting a cloud that brid worries.
Ah,
you know what?
Fuck you,
I got to eat something.
MMM.
Then I have a couple of eggs over eg.
Yeah.
I got this other thing that I can make some times a breakfast where it's just
Keenan were black beans in an egg.
I throw a little salsa on top,
fucking delicious.
I just don't wrap it up.
One of those giant flour tortillas,
you know what the fuck and you know,
you know what the deal is,
then all of a sudden you start throwing the sour cream on and the cheese and all
of that shit and you literally like,
you fucking,
you leave the Taco stand and you're fucking walking out like leaning to one
side,
like someone punched in your fucking ribs.
Um,
yeah.
And then also I,
uh,
my teeth are getting fucked up down the bottom.
Just as you get older,
I guess your jaw keeps growing or whatever.
This is whatever the fucking dentist told me.
So I actually,
I've,
I finally bit the bullet and I got that fucking Invisalign,
so I got to wear that thing for the next 12 to 16 weeks and I'll do it.
I'll tell you right now,
dude,
it fucking sucks.
It sucks,
man.
But it definitely makes you eat less because it's like,
I don't want to take this fucking thing out and go through this whole rigmarole.
MMM.
Oh my God,
Dude.
You realize I'm bald.
I'm going to be 50 and I'd be wearing braces.
Can you want us,
do you understand the trifecta of fucking
okay.
Thank God I have never in my life.
Can you imagine if I was a single man and that's what the fuck I was doing?
Okay.
Um,
I'm kind of doing like a fucking light overhaul on my body right now.
I'm laying off the booze.
I'm getting my fucking teeth down the bottom because I was starting to look like
a fucking,
I don't know what some sort of a,
where are my references today?
I don't know where the hell they are.
I'm trying to think that there's a couple of fucking wild which said fucking
thing that exists in um,
South America and it's the worst kind of animal to be.
It's like you would your like you exist to keep the top predators alive.
Yeah.
Like people are,
they fuck like rabbits.
The reason why rabbits fuck like that.
And they have all this because everybody eats them in the wild.
Okay.
They'll live there like the,
the,
hey,
you guys want to get some sliders?
That's what like rabbits are in the wild.
So there's some sort of fucking,
it's not a pig and it's not a rat.
What is that?
Fuck it to look it up now.
South
America.
I want to go to South America.
So bad South American pig rat.
Let's see if they show it the fuck is it?
Come on man.
Come on.
Internet.
Okay.
Uh,
cappy cappy Barra.
Is that what it is?
These giant Guinea pigs.
That's what my lower teeth are starting to look like.
Come on clicking on the images.
Did I do it right?
Did I fucking nailed it?
Fucking nailed it.
It's like if a squirrel fucked up pig.
Well they have,
they have like surprisingly one of the pig size rats.
I got Omerta kind of cute.
The face really makes him fucking cute.
Um,
it's just gonna be like the next Pixar movie,
these giant mother fuckers.
Um,
okay.
By the way,
Dude.
Yeah.
I have South American man.
I've,
I've wanted to go there for so goddamn long.
I just don't have the time.
I'd love to go down there and do a fucking show,
you know,
I've always wanted to go to the Galapagos Islands.
All of this shit.
It just seems green and beautiful,
you know,
I dunno,
I gotta get my ass fucking down there at some point.
Why?
Why the hell wouldn't I?
If I talk about global warming,
why don't I jump on a fucking jet plane and spray on leaded,
leaded fuel across the fucking atmosphere for a good 12 hour flight from la?
This is how dumb I am.
I actually thought,
cause I moved out here,
I was actually just a shorter flight to fucking like Brazil or something.
I didn't realize that like,
you know when you look at it,
if you were in New York and he flew due south,
you'd be on the east,
the west coast of their country.
Um,
yeah.
Bill.
Yeah,
we all have a globe.
We've all looked at a map at some point.
Well you know what,
sometimes I don't look at Shit.
Um,
anyways,
so I don't know shit about NFL football this year.
So I'm actually going to go on a limb here and say something that is based on
watching one football game.
Um,
I'm actually thinking all right that the winner of the Rams Eagles game will
fucking lose to Seattle or the Seattle might be on the road
come playoff time.
I have no,
can you imagine if Marshawn lynch didn't fucking retire and kept,
was still playing with them,
but they got that other kid dead fucking mini Marshawn that came with a fucking
maniac.
Like,
I don't know what p care,
what the Fuck Pete Carroll does.
You know,
aside from looking the other way,
would half his defense is doing fucking steroids?
I don't know what their,
what's in the water up there in Seattle,
but they got some people that could fucking play.
Um,
all right,
I'm done blowing the Seattle Seahawks.
Uh,
all right,
that's the podcast here for this,
this wonderful Thursday.
Um,
all sober bill,
who would've thought bold,
slender,
sober bill.
I finally stood on the scale today I have to fucking not boozing eating like a
fucking Hollywood douche.
And um,
you know,
when I went back in August,
I was pushing like,
I was like one 87.
I was pushing,
like pushing it,
you know,
it was closing in on 200 days.
Um,
I'm now down to about,
I said one 71.6.
It's perfect.
My clothes fit now and this is what I'm going to do this time.
All right.
I'm actually going to buy jeans that fit,
you know,
when I'm this way,
because the problem is,
is I have a bunk.
All my jeans fit me when I'm wanting,
right?
Seven.
So as I put on the way,
and I don't notice,
I'm all comfortable,
they're just fucking walking around my big fucking Jade's Oh,
Billy big jeans.
Uh,
that might be my favorite one.
Oh,
Billy big jeans.
I'm not fucking doing it anymore.
Do you understand me?
Do you still speak English of fucking Bob?
I'm going to,
there's like a skid row right down the street from me.
I don't go to goodwill anymore.
I don't trust those cuts.
All right.
Uh,
what I do is I go down to skid row and I got,
Hey Johan with free clothes.
Um,
no,
I don't do that.
I know anybody who was sorta my size step right up.
I just know I go down and I just have the bag and I walk up to where the tents
are and I just fucking set it down and I turned around and I walk away like
fucking Santa Clause for junkies.
Okay.
Then I got all kinds of shit in there,
you know?
And it's just funny to me dead,
uh,
that I'm giving away clothes that late.
Maybe I would like this.
Some like fucking homeless guy walking around wearing a shirt that I wore on
Conan O'brien.
I know what I should be doing is going down there and thinking,
oh my God,
this is so sad that fellow Americans have to live this way.
But I am such a self involved Hollywood douche.
I actually walk away still thinking about how about myself and how I just gave
away close that had TV credits.
You know,
I hate that about myself,
but you know,
I'm just being honest.
I do,
I and I also feel good that I did something like that.
Right?
It's all that stuff that allegedly Jesus doesn't appreciate,
you know,
he then spraying in public,
I should just do that shit and not tell you guys that I did it,
but now I'm telling you that I did it,
which takes away the,
uh,
the good deed because if you do a good deed,
just so you walk around and talk about her,
sit down and talk about it on a podcast,
you're not a good person.
You're a cunt and a,
yeah.
So that's what we learned here.
You know,
if there really was a Jesus,
if there really was a Santa Claus did be coal in my stocking and I would be on
my way to the fiery depths of health,
right?
According to my religion.
Just because I went down there and I gave the clothes but then told you guys
about it.
That's how it works in my religion.
That's how my religion is.
Um,
all right.
I don't even know what the fuck I'm talking about this point.
All right.
That's the end of the podcast.
Okay.
But fortunately we have some bonus material for you.
We're going to play a little music.
The Great Andrew Feminists always comes up with these tracks.
You guys are always out here man.
Like who's ESPN?
Well Bill,
you listen to all these interesting music.
It's not me.
It's Andrew.
All right?
And then after the music is over,
you'll then be able to listen to a,
a greatest hits podcast from a Thursday gone by from earlier this year.
A fucking,
I don't know.
Whenever the hell I started these and that's how it works.
And if you have a problem with that,
then you know what I would do?
I would go to the all things comedy network and I would listen to a different
podcast.
By the way,
thank you guys so much for buying tickets to the Patrice O'neil comedy benefit.
Tickets are going fast.
The lower level is already sold out.
Now we got the upper two decks to go.
You know what?
It makes a wonderful Christmas gift.
Why don't you get your best guy,
friend
of fucking,
um,
uh,
a bouquet of candy cane fucking roses from pro flowers and get,
you know,
and then in the card when they think that,
that you went gay for him and they're going like,
oh my God,
how do I still hang out with this guy?
I thought it wasn't homophobic.
I'm not homophobic until my best guy friend who I thought was straight has a
crush on me.
Is that considered homophobia?
Okay.
If you don't have a problem with gay people,
but then one of your friends who you thought was straight,
then I'm going to use this.
The stupid expression becomes gay,
you know,
like,
like they caught the mumps or something.
Um,
tells you that this whole time that Ben gay and that they also have feelings for
you if you get weirded out by that.
Like,
dude,
I can't hang out with you.
Hang out with you for a while until,
uh,
I can't hang out.
I don't think I can hang out with you.
I mean,
a woman would say that,
right?
If you were this like,
you know,
I though we'd been friends for a while,
but I just want to let you know that I've developed feelings for you.
Yeah.
You're not coming over apartment to fucking watch survivor at that point
anymore,
unless,
unless she has feelings for you.
Right.
Isn't that how it works?
Well,
I don't know.
All right.
There's a lot of times I should have stopped a podcast 10,
15 minutes earlier and uh,
this might be one of those times,
I have no idea.
But you don't want to have to do the second eye fucking shut this off is I have
to put my fucking Invisalign back in.
It's fine.
Once they're fucking in there,
but one year
when you pop them in and they're like,
it's,
you know,
to get the
best results were at 22 hours a day.
You know,
you ever go to the airport,
you see those people who like broke the fucking ankle and then it's like they
got that thing that they are,
uh,
it's like a scooter and they can just rest their knee on it.
This is like,
this is the teeth version of that.
I don't understand why those people just don't use fucking crutches.
Do they have like that little upper body strength?
Is there a cast that fucking heavy or is it just more efficient?
Those are the hard hitting questions we ask here in the podcast.
All right.
Have a great weekend.
Your constant joined the music and the greatest hits Thursday afternoon.
Just before Monday.
No,
just profile Friday.
Monday morning.
Okay.
[inaudible]
I had the urge to make a pumpkin pie this week.
I want to practice before the holidays.
Uh,
ginger,
scumbag
bill.
I've been a fan of yours for 15 years.
Okay,
so you guys got that.
This guy has been a fan of mine for 15 years,
so for 15 years this guy has been falling me enjoying things that I'm doing.
All right?
This guy's locked in for 15 years.
The people that work hard every day and spend their hard earned cash,
that's kind of redundant,
sir.
If you work hard,
then you have harder and cash.
All right?
If you've got an easy job,
you know,
and then you'd be spending your fucking teddy money,
right?
They'll just read the fucking email.
All right?
He's having fun,
Bill,
I've been a fan of yours for 15 years.
The people that work hard every day and spend their hard earned cash to see you
have been really disappointed.
This is one of the classic things.
When people complain,
rather than just complaining for themselves,
they act like they're standing in front of like a zillion people and they go
right,
relaxed attention,
everyone.
I will send the email and we'll convey on your feelings.
Get on with your day,
relax.
I will handle it.
So evidently he has like,
you know,
all of these people are disappointed in me.
He said,
the people that follow you and made you who you are.
They made me people.
I didn't work hard on stand up.
I was just standing there and they all said,
hey yo,
we have decided to make you and who you are so sad it be said,
so set it beat,
done.
He said,
you have made dates all around the country and then cancelled them.
When Hollywood calls you to do a part,
that's exactly what happened.
I picked up the phone.
I said hello.
They said,
this is Hollywood hair.
We're calling you to do a part.
Say uh,
the people that go to your shows and made you,
that made you aren't making a 10th of the money that you make,
but they paid to see you.
Hey Ginger boy.
Without these fans,
you're illiterate.
Ass would be working at Mcdonald's at best.
Now I take offense to that,
sir.
Okay.
Without my fan base,
I would not be working at Mcdonald's.
You son of a bitch,
I would be unloading trucks in a warehouse.
Get it straight.
He goes,
you're a scumbag.
Ba Gee,
you're a scum.
Baije and I hope every fan realizes what you are and stops going to your shows.
I will never listen to your shows or podcasts again and we'll tell everyone to
do the same.
You are the typical sellout to Hollywood fucking disappointment.
I know you won't have the balls to read this on your podcast.
Instead,
you will read a letter from a 20 year old guy confused about his girlfriend's
sex and sexuality.
This is the best part here.
You're a real cunt.
Fuck you and everything you do
as one of the greatest endings,
one of the greatest standing,
standing email ever got your a real cunt in the real deal.
If you,
if you tip over your country,
you see the stamp of approval from the current factory and then it's just not.
Fuck you.
It's fuck you in everything you do.
Even when I go to the grocery store.
Yeah,
that too.
Fuck you when you're picking out apples.
MMM.
Jesus Christ,
sir.
Yeah,
you made me,
did I have anything to do?
Did I do anything?
Did I work?
Did I not fucking go onstage and eat my balls?
Learning how to do this.
I guess you did I listen,
I just want to thank you for making me,
uh,
without your hard work of going through.
I mean,
I can't imagine how many,
how many people live in this country?
I just can't imagine when you're just going through the macbook trying to figure
out who you've decided will become a professional comedian.
That just is,
and the fact that you also have a day job during the time where I guess you're
grossly underpaid.
I mean,
that's just incredible to me,
sir.
What the fuck do you want from me?
Let me ask you this.
Okay.
If Hollywood called you and asked you to be in a movie,
you're going to say,
you're going to say no.
Okay.
All right.
And like,
like you told your mom,
Hey,
listen Ma,
don't worry.
I'll come over and I'll clean up your yard this Saturday.
All right.
And then all of a sudden Hollywood comes to Collins says,
Hey,
do you want to pretend you are a lot tougher than you are and getting to a
gunfight and get shot by,
I know whoever your favorite actor is,
you're going to say,
no,
I have to go.
Uh,
I got a stick.
What?
You've never broken a fucking thing.
You know what?
Fuck that.
Even like a play off game comes along.
You've never fucking had to change a schedule,
sir.
I had to cancel some dates.
I didn't cancel them.
I rescheduled the fuck.
Do you want from me?
You want me to stay in the strip malls for my entire career telling jokes I did
that.
I'm trying to fucking,
you know,
and I'll,
I'll,
all these movies to do is make more people know who I am.
So more people come out to my shows so I can keep writing more hours and having
a good time.
All right.
I don't even know why I'm talking to you.
You said you're never going to listen to my shit again,
right?
Are you a man of your word after you saying,
I'm not a man of my word.
If you,
you're actually listened to this,
then you're a fucking hypocrite.
All right.
What's the matter?
Huh?
Jesus Christ.
Who fucking pissed on your sweat pants this week?
I don't even know what the fuck that was all about.
You didn't even say what it was.
You may dates all around the country and then cancel them.
The fuck are you talking about?
I had one tour,
I had to move around and I fucking did the first two dates.
Then I'm,
I've made up a one to 3 cents then and add an another one that wasn't even on
that original tours.
So go fuck yourself.
All right.
All the tickets are honored and if he can't make that date,
you get it refunded
Jesus Christ.
You know that Ted tour that I was going to do,
I was just going to land in Boise,
you know,
jump on a bus and knock them all out in 10 days now because that whole thing
blew up.
Now I've got to get on it.
You know,
it's like an extra 10 airplane ride.
You won't hear me bitching though.
Yeah,
you fucking cunt.
You're a real cunt.
Fuck you.
And everything to do that was worth it.
That was worth them getting mad.
That's fucking tremendous,
sir.
You know what?
As much as you,
you disappointed me.
You're a real disappointment.
You fucking jerk off.
You've liked me for 15 years.
One cancel fucking Gig and now you're now you're saying fuck me and everything I
do.
I make that Pumpkin pie this week.
You saying fuck the pie too.
That's a part of it.
You're saying fuck America.
If you're saying fuck punk,
punk a pie.
Yeah,
but I got,
Hey,
I am a real cunt.
I,
you know,
I can't argue that
you know something.
Could somebody please put that on a tee shirt?
You're a real cunt.
Fuck
you and everything you do just to have that just
[inaudible] [inaudible]
yeah.
We feel go around to the regional striking is wrong.
There's Friday and the oceans,
we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the hour.
We shall defend our island.
Whatever the cost.
Maybe we shall fight on the beaches.
Fight on the landing grounds.
We shall fight in the fields and in the streets.
Have to fight in the hills.
We shall never surrender.
Okay.
Bill borrows to Monday morning podcast and I think I have the swine flu.
Ah,
yeah.
I'm sweating here.
Roasting,
baking,
boiling.
It's like a fucking Shona,
I Guess Second Cleveland.
Why did I play Winston Churchill to begin this podcast?
I'll tell you why you group of fucking cunts.
It's because I'm one week out from my standup special,
my next hour special that I'm taping December 17th two shows at the Fillmore in
San Francisco,
California.
And I am beyond fucking ready for this thing and I'm getting myself psyched up
and I always fucking love that speech first heard it as an iron maiden fan when
power slave came out,
right?
Okay.
That power slave when the fucking doe the live the live when they weren't
screening for me,
Long Beach.
Remember that one?
And they play that speech right before they went into ace is high and I was
like,
what the fuck is that speech sets?
You know?
It's incredible.
We had a fire on their land.
We didn't fight in the change in the ocean,
which I never saw.
Landa.
You imagine that.
What a fucking time to be alive.
All these fucking NFL coaches getting credit for their little halftime
adjustments,
you know?
Well,
it's weird.
One for the gipper has nothing compared to that shit.
You understand what the fuck was going on?
Can you imagine living in that little fucking island?
They call a country over there in England.
They're little sissy ass little fucking island.
I'm just fucking with you.
You can't.
You live in over there in England and you got that fucking sweaty cow licked.
Half a mustache,
psychopath Adolph off and getting all those fucking maniacs all excited for the
blitzkrieg
and you're sitting there having your little fucking cup of tea.
Whatever the fuck it is you do over there.
Okay?
You know with your fucking handmade britches listening to the radio.
Hey,
there you go to this guy.
Okay
shall fight on the land.
We shall
fight in France.
Uh,
so fucking greatest.
It's the fucking greatest thing ever.
And they did it.
They fucking fought them off.
They survived the fucking blitzkrieg.
What exactly was the blitzkrieg?
That was a eight off strategy where he hits you from the air,
from the sea,
and also on the land all at once.
Was,
that's what,
was that what it was or was it just his bombing?
Sort of a,
I don't know.
Fucking know.
My nose is clogged up.
I want to fucking,
okay.
I want to know is transplant.
This sucks fucking blows.
I was getting sick all the way to Cleveland.
You know,
I was fighting this shit.
What kind of a fucking asshole gets a cold in Los Angeles?
You know,
that's why I moved out here.
I was like,
Oh my God,
I'm so sick.
If getting exists,
I don't want to get to the full 30 more
fucking losing my voice.
It's a Sunday night.
It's a nine 31 and uh,
just flew back from Cleveland today.
I'm supposed to be in my acting class and I wasn't able to do that because
obviously you know,
and then one of those,
fuck don't hate that.
Fuck those fucking assholes who are sick and they still come to work and then,
and then not only do they come to work,
they want to get like,
like they want you to like be like,
wow,
what a trooper.
He's like,
dude,
you're fucking sick and now you're going to make me sick.
You know,
get Outta here.
Go crawl back down your fucking man hole.
Wherever you got that 28 days virus that you fucking bring it in here.
You Maniac it Outta here.
The Fuck Outta here.
What you do here is not important.
Do you understand that?
Okay,
that's why your cubicle is so small.
Take a fucking day off.
I fucking hate all those people.
All those assholes.
The first fucking warm day in the spring and you look out the door,
what do you see?
Some asshole and a tank top and fucking short shorts jogging down the fucking
Goddamn river,
right,
right next to the fucking river.
Stupid son of a bitch is going get sick and then he's going to fucking show up
and get everybody else sick.
So I don't do that shit.
When I get sick,
I stay home and I do a podcast.
That's what I do.
Ah Fuck.
I got one of those,
those headaches where if when you're lying down it doesn't hurt.
And then when you get up you almost fucking tip over.
You could feel every time your heartbeats on either side of your forehead.
Ah,
fuck.
You know what I noticed is such a weird night,
you know,
if you don't watch football like Sunday night,
especially around December,
they showed all the first run episodes.
So they got a lot of reruns and now they're trying to do some little holiday
special things.
I was just watching Pavarotti duets.
I'm live from,
I don't know where I'm going to guess Italy.
Um,
cause it look European.
The guy's singing in Italian.
I know it's opera.
We sing it at anywhere else,
but whatever,
man,
I turn it on and there is Annie Lennox and that scraggly dude from the
eurythmics and they're singing some song.
She's a terrible dancer by the way.
I'm really surprised me.
And he's standing there stoically and uh,
in a little in his fucking Tuxedo waiting,
waiting to sing,
she's dancing around like a,
you know,
you don't like when you want to adjust your fucking underwear,
but you can't use your hands cause you were in public.
So you do that little weird move with you fucking,
you know,
sorta Elvis hole.
You do.
Oh,
who my fucking underwear is up my ass.
Right?
If I wasn't sick,
I would have done that smoothly.
That would have that.
We actually would have been funny.
So anyway,
she's dancing like a fucking retard and he's just standing there.
She's sitting there going,
sweet dreams are made of these.
Wait for him to be like,
Hey,
a getcha Toray up,
put up,
put up an apoe two.
I don't even know what the fuck it is.
I know what they're doing.
You know,
I should actually keep my down because a downstairs is this.
There's an old guy who lives beneath me.
Um,
just picture Pat Cooper if he wasn't funny,
just keep the rage and eliminate all the brilliant jokes.
That's what lives underneath me and he's a fucking cunt.
And I'll tell you why,
because he yells at my girlfriend.
All right,
it's fucking old.
Motherfucker yells at my girlfriend,
but he only does it when I'm on the road.
Okay.
Cowardly bastard.
So it's like,
first of all,
how the fuck do you know when I'm not in town?
This is what happens.
We have hardwood floors and you know,
my gorgeous girlfriends,
like most gorgeous girlfriends,
they have a lot of Horry shoes.
You know,
all women have that little horse shoes,
you know the sound they make when they go across,
you know,
and she tries to put them on the last seconds before she leaves.
You know,
you know that sound of the horse,
the WHO,
a shoes hitting the hardwood floor.
And maybe some will have no Liam,
have any,
you guys notice that you can be engrossed in the greatest conversation ever with
one of your guy friends.
And the second you hear high heels hitting the floor,
you immediately,
both of you stop talking.
You turned to look,
you know,
let's see.
Let's see what level of horror we're talking.
Oh,
oh,
the old business suit.
Oh yeah,
I have a career.
I'm not that kind of girl.
You're shoes are giving you a way,
Wendy.
We know all about you and your drunken escapades down at the Tgi Friday's.
Okay.
So stop with your whole Dimi more little fucking vibe when is going on with that
fucking broad anyways,
to me more,
she gonna age at any point.
You know what?
Uh,
when I was flying back from Cleveland,
I actually sometimes I don't want to think,
and I,
I bought people magazine and a,
you know,
you do the crossword puzzle,
you feel smart and uh,
start with seven across on happy days and Sin Williams.
Oh God,
look at that 17 letters.
Um,
what am I going,
what am I trying to say here?
Yeah.
So there's,
so some woman had written in,
um,
I wish I still had the magazine.
Somebody asked me if they were like,
can I look at that?
Can you look at it?
You can fucking have it.
Blow your nose on it.
I don't give a shit to people magazine.
Um,
some lady had written in,
cause they had written a big article on Demi more where they would just throw
THEC thethe though,
hot and 48 and then this,
this person had written in response to that [inaudible] sell hot and 48.
Yeah.
Anybody could be that with Botox,
a private chef and a fucking personal trainer.
You know,
women are really competitive with that shit.
that's like if they did an article and they talked about the toughest guy ever
on the planet,
you know,
no matter how much you respect them,
at some point you're going to have to be like,
that guy's a fag.
You know though all I would,
you know what I would do do right.
No,
I'm serious dude.
You know I do.
I will fuck it.
I just walk up to him,
you know,
like,
hey bro was going on.
Do you want to give them by Ryan was cha the Saccharin he looked away,
dude,
I front kick him right in his knee.
Blow out his fucking Acl,
dude,
I'm telling you it works.
I'm taking this fucking Israeli shit,
dude.
I'm telling you,
telling you I took like two classes and now I just use the fucking gies pajamas.
But you know,
I still feel like I know how to fight shut up.
Um,
yeah,
there's a few girls out there who just are not aging to me.
More Courtney Cox.
I Dunno what that just like,
that's a funny thing about that.
Courtney Cox,
uh,
move,
show that she has,
that's outright now where she's a,
you know,
she supposed to be like this desperate,
uh,
what the fuck do they call those?
Uh,
Jesus Wolf's.
Okay.
Ducklings.
Cougars.
There we go.
Fucking NYQUIL kicking in baby.
Uh,
yeah,
she's supposed to be this desperate cougar trying to fuck,
you know,
hook up with the younger guy and it's like,
all right.
First of all,
she's still hot and she's in ridiculously good shape.
And then the way they shoot her with that fucking,
I don't know what the trick is that it,
but it basically eliminates every line in your face.
So now she looks like she's like 31 32,
you know,
that's a hot age for a woman.
So like I that that's the whole fucking thing doesn't work for me,
you know?
And then they got her dress like this,
this,
so fucked on that show because they're trying to appeal,
I guess to this certain segment of women that they're going to watch it who were
in that situation.
There's a lot of divorces out there.
53%.
Right.
But uh,
and the other thing,
but the other side of it is they have to make her look good.
You know,
they got a horror out,
so they kind of cancel each other out and like,
it doesn't make sense.
I'm like looking at it going,
wow,
I've fucking bag of that girl a second.
She's gorgeous.
Right.
But then there will make it or walk around like she's desperate.
You know,
I just realized,
I admitted that I watched that show.
Okay,
where the fuck did I watch it too?
I at least have the out that I was on the road and I was lonely.
I think I watched that show.
Okay
by myself in my old apartment.
Well,
you know,
every once in a while you find a new level of sadness in your life that you
didn't even know existed,
existed.
Like just so not even in touch with how pathetic you're life has become.
Okay.
That you just openly admit something like that.
And then by the end of it,
you know,
like if you guys were actually sitting here like halfway through it,
you would've given me that look the same look he just gave you fucking iPod or
your radio or your high fi,
whatever the fuck you listen to this thing on.
You know,
except I didn't see it.
That's the great thing about this podcast is when I started opening up and
making an ass out of myself.
You guys can sit there and laugh at me and fuck,
I wish you were here right now because I would have stopped that story.
Wow,
that's embarrassing.
That is really fucking embarrassing.
Um,
so anyways,
I'm sick,
um,
and I'm getting ready to do my special,
but I'm getting over this shit.
I don't give a fuck.
I want to thank everybody who came out to see me at hilarity and Cleveland this
past weekend.
I had a great time and uh,
you know,
want to thank nick for having me out there just to fucking great,
clever.
You know,
salt of the Earth Guy,
he's one of these guys,
he's like fucking,
I don't know how old the guy is.
He's somewhere in his sixties,
I'll say 61 in Casey's listed and I know he's like 63 but he's still lifts,
still wears like a wife beater.
But he's a classy guy.
You know,
he,
he's still,
he can still fuck somebody up.
That's,
you know,
it's very inspirational.
You know what's funny about him too is that you can tell that he a,
we were talking about having a temper and a,
I have a temper,
but I wear my more on my sleeve,
which lets you know that I'm pretty much harmless,
but it's,
it's the guys who,
you know,
have a temper and they're,
they're,
they're really soft spoken.
Those are the guys who will literally twist your fucking head off like a fucking
beer cap.
You know,
those guys,
he's one of those dudes,
like somebody told me a fucking story about him doing some crazy shit and then I
asked him about it and then he's telling the story and he's just,
Oh,
you know,
I can't yell.
Yeah,
I had a situation and uh,
you know,
it thinks God ah,
interesting.
And Ah,
you know,
I mean it's just one of those things.
And so what happened,
they just like immediately moves on
and then later on you find out he beat the shit out of seven guys with like a
fire hydrant,
you know,
as opposed to the other guy who doesn't even throw a fucking punch.
And then the ads like 97 details.
Right.
So I could tell the way he was standing that he was a southpaw,
so I start cheating to the right.
Right.
Shut the fuck up.
Don't,
I'm telling you I'm taking this Jujitsu stuff.
You know,
I started watching spike,
you know,
without I gotta I gotta go,
Gee,
I went down there,
I took one class,
I got my ass kicked.
But,
uh,
I'm really good at like seeing things for like an hour and then being able to
talk about them.
Like I've been doing it for 10 years while my nose just hit another level of
being fucking stuffed up.
Ah,
okay.
This is going to be a short podcast,
everybody.
Um,
all right.
What else can I admit to that's fucking embarrassing.
It's not embarrassing.
Uh,
Santa Claus is coming to town.
Is that the name of it is on tomorrow.
That,
that claymation thing that I used to watch as a kid and I'm recording it and I'm
going to watch it with my girlfriend.
Hopefully I'll have a Christmas tree up by then.
And,
uh,
if I had a fireplace I would get a fire going,
but I doubt so,
uh,
I'll just light our little fuck candle.
Uh,
anyways,
happy holidays to everyone.
I have not even started my shopping.
Um,
you know,
I do a thing on this podcast where people give me an a,
I give people advice and this week somebody is actually giving me advice how to
fuck to both nostrils get clogged up at the same time.
I fucking dog sleeps all day all day long and then it comes in at night and it
is like tired from sleeping.
You're a bum.
Look at you.
You know I'm teaching the dog how to speak and I swear to God I give,
you got to hear it.
You got to hear it.
It's absolutely adorable to me.
It will be annoying to you.
And I'm gonna.
I'm gonna fucking play it.
Oh,
I know what I wanted to do.
I wanted to go on fucking youtube and find out why Carsello got suspended
against the fucking capitals.
Dude,
that guy,
I swear to God is like Mickey Featherstone on fucking skates.
Jimmy Ku did.
You know that's why when I look at it and he's got that same haircut.
Anybody read that book?
The westies 30 reminds me of like,
you should be at Hell's kitchen to the seventies but he's played for the flyers.
All right,
car Sylo.
Okay.
Suspended.
Let's see what this brings up.
Sorry.
Winston Churchill.
Okay.
A cheap shot.
Carsello a that's 2000 what the fuck did he do?
But anybody knows what he did.
Let me know.
Just let me know what he did.
He did something against the capitals.
I have no fucking idea.
Uh,
anyways,
let's get onto the advice.
Somebody wanted to give me some advice this week,
which is a nice turn of the,
if I consider again it,
it's the holidays.
Um,
alright.
Jesus Christ Carsello has more fight videos that Brittany Spears has look at my
vagina videos.
Thank you.
That was a joke.
Sorry,
I'm sick.
This has really bad.
Come on.
And Bell,
step it up.
Oh,
you know,
I didn't finish telling me this story about the guy downstairs.
Right.
So this is a fucking asshole.
This is what he does.
Anytime.
Okay.
Uh,
my girlfriend walks across the floor.
He just goes,
why is he say?
He goes like,
ah,
great.
Keep it up.
He says that he was,
he's real sarcastic and it infuriates my girl to no fucking dead,
to the point that she's claiming that he's harassing her and she wants me to go
downstairs and have a talk with this guy.
There's no way this isn't going to be fucking hilarious,
which I've got to go do.
Right.
But I don't understand.
Like if this guy,
what is this guy just says,
you know,
why don't you go fuck yourself?
What am I going to do?
I mean,
I wouldn't fight this guy if he was my age and now I'm going to have a fucking
70 year old guy who lives alone at all.
It's a sad fucking thing.
I'm just like,
why don't you just laugh it off?
Okay,
I dropped something.
What?
I was up here one time and he goes,
he's real sarcastic.
And he goes,
do it again.
And you know what I did?
I did it again even harder and I yelled out.
How was that?
And he's never yelled at me again.
You know,
you guys fucking heartless Jesus Christ,
having a word in your life that what I got,
I got to go downstairs and confront this guy like I bit a Bronx Tale,
you know?
Anyways.
All right,
here's the advice I got.
Jesus Christ by fucking doses is,
it's done well,
90 minutes.
So this is going to be a half hour one.
All right guys,
I'm sorry,
whatever.
You get shopped at a dude.
Oh yeah.
Got To shop for Kwanzaa.
Hanukkah,
uh,
are there,
how many days a hypercar?
There's like 13.
Why don't I keep asking you questions
about the Jewish religion?
I think I'm searching for something new.
You know,
I'm a
aware of my mortality.
Um,
especially with the swine flu that I caught out in Cleveland.
Don't you guys just celebrate it a one day or do you really have to buy somebody
13 fucking gifts?
He give him something every day.
That's it.
More than a religious bullshit.
That's,
that's their version of Jesus Pollard the fish out of the fucking basket.
Where the sub Guy Dave Jebidiah,
he only had enough fucking knock Zima to keep the zits off his face for five
days and sub it's sub how he did it for fucking 13 rarely.
Who gives a shit just set around the collection basket.
We'll keep paying for your bed sheets.
All right,
dear bill,
irregular serve your weekly podcasts,
uh,
which I enjoy immensely.
Thank you.
I noticed on occasion that you have met should you are learning to play guitar.
First of all,
Kudos.
Secondly,
please tell me that you will never fucking incorporate any form of guitar
playing into your act.
I know it's easy to learn a few open chords or they'd pile all your c grade
material.
Just some bullshit SOG.
I though you could do it and I know people read idiots with laugh at you and
you'd kill five,
10 minutes of set time,
easy.
However,
please promise me you will never stoop to that level.
Sincerely concerned.
Fat Ass.
Fucking hilarious.
Yeah,
dude,
I have no intentions of doing that,
but I hope I do do it some day.
I'm standing up right now.
Hopefully this will clear be up.
Uh Oh.
It's like magic.
You're like that.
You like hear me sniffle on this fucking thing.
Uh,
I actually hope that I do that one day,
sir.
And you know why that is?
Because that would mean that I have actually reached such a level of success
that no one around me can tell me what a horrible mistake I'm fucking making
with my career.
You know,
Kinda like Al Pachino in the 90s.
He was like,
so you know,
such a legend at that point,
that one director ever pulled him aside.
It was like owl.
Ah,
you're yelling.
Yeah,
yeah.
You're,
you're just,
you're just sorta yelling.
You're not,
you're not acting,
you're just yelling.
[inaudible] we were like on the sixth day of the shoot here and uh,
you know,
I mean this scene is like,
two lines.
You're get some coffee and a donut and um,
yeah,
you just cut a yell at,
I don't know what I mean,
I respect you were the godfather,
but you don't,
you just fucking,
you know,
one of those deals.
So if I actually got to the point where nobody actually told me to stop,
you know,
to not go on stage with a guitar,
do it.
I'm like,
I'm never going to do that shit.
I shouldn't never say never.
But I'll tell you this,
I,
I'd be lying if I didn't already fantasize about doing it.
You know,
like fuck going to happen the greatest hour special of all time.
And then the head,
my encores,
I come out and I play better than Stevie Ray Vaughn.
You know,
and then next thing you know,
I'm playing drums in them,
crooked vultures when David Grohl as to take a night off,
right?
But you guys have fantasies like that.
You got to dream big and that sit down and watch that Courtney Cox fucken
whenever the COO fucking cougars show is,
oh,
he had a little epilogue here to this.
He said,
ps,
I saw that picture of you playing with the victor Wooten band,
playing drums with them and know that you've been an avid drummer for a long
time.
So what's it like to learn a real instrument now?
Boo Yah,
it's fucking guitars.
They're all so full of themselves with their feathered hair playing the same
fucking power cords that have been playing since fucking Peter Frampton.
Once you guys get over yourself,
you know,
you know what?
I hope you go to a holiday party for no particular reason.
Just in,
in,
in this,
in the,
in the vein of a Bronx tale.
Every time I think I'm a Bronx tale is Chazz Palminteri and the end of that
pistol just comes out and whacks him in the back of the head.
You know,
I helped that APP is to you,
but it's a fucking Ukulele.
I don't want you to die,
but I just really want you to take a nice fucking get a little blunt force
trauma with the Ukulele.
What are you thinking about that?
Uh,
I would love to have youtube video of you alone.
You know some of this stupid rock poses that you probably did back in the
eighties if you're older.
Huh?
Did you do the point and the little kick we did.
You do the thing,
the state trooper to the 10th power where you stand with your legs apart but
really far apart.
Huh?
Admitted you ever done that?
Mr Guitarist,
Mister fucking musician.
He never ever doing a little tap on solo in the bathroom mirror and then started
flicking your tongue.
Like you will look in a clit.
Huh?
Cause you saw the white snake video.
Did you lick your guitar like the Douche bag in that band?
That's what I want to know.
The fucking guitars is so fucking annoying.
They really thinking.
They all think they're fucking virtuosos.
They're not,
you know,
they're doing the same bullshit.
I actually did notice that.
You know,
I'm going to begin to say that.
Why would I do that?
Then I'd be shitting on a band that he fucking like.
All right,
let's plow ahead here.
The fuck is wrong with my keyboard here.
Um,
all right,
Bill.
Oh this is,
this is what I would tell you right now.
This guy is asking me for advice and I don't know.
I don't know what to do on this one.
Okay.
So I need some help on this one.
All right,
Bill,
I have a situation for you.
Um,
so I've been banging this engage girl for the past several months
and we're in,
we just went in with both feet.
Okay.
How's the water?
Fine.
All right.
I started with the two years ago when we took a break for a year when she got
gays in 2008,
uh,
she reinitiated our arrangement over the summer.
Uh,
the fuck,
sorry guys.
I got to stand up here so I'm gonna get fucking all right.
While I know it's wrong to be bagging and engage girls,
she's a petite Latin girl,
a great lay a,
she's 22 and a fiance lives over in London.
A Guy Sd too.
That's what he says.
Yeah.
You just justified it.
However,
now that the miserable son of a bitches moving from London to New York to be
with her,
he had hit me that marriage is actually a serious move in life and this poor
bastard is going to be spending the rest of his life with her.
That only do I feel a bit guilty though.
I don't hesitate to call her at 4:00 AM when I'm at least 20 drinks deep.
I feel bad for the poor guy that he's going to be marrying this slag.
Maybe this girl is so fucking horror as she actually compares the size of my
deck with her fiance's.
Wow.
Um,
and she thinks that I'm going to be a take it as a compliment that mine is
bigger.
And she even invited me to her wedding.
What the fuck is wrong with her?
Jesus Christ,
dude,
it is a situation.
Uh,
he said,
I'm going to use a,
I'm going to use her as exhibit a when I educate my son's on how women are
complete horse rarely.
So now they're all whores because of this one here.
Dude,
you really,
you picked a fucking winner here.
Uh,
in any event,
my question boils down to this by friend suggest that I write her fiance and an
anonymous email.
Um,
I was thinking more of one of those kidnapping letters with a different letters
cut out from magazines.
Did that would be fucking hilarious.
Um,
about how I was,
uh,
one,
the leg would be about how I was begging her for the last several months.
What do you think?
Well,
I hate rats.
I think I'd be saving this guy lifetime of misery.
On the other hand,
that bastard proposed to her after only three months of meeting her.
So he kind of deserves it.
Am I doing this poor bastard or favor?
Any advice would be appreciated.
Uh,
okay.
Okay.
Where do we go with this one?
What should you do?
MMM,
well,
you know what,
dude,
in a perfect world,
you could actually send a letter to that guy.
You could tell him what was up and once he got over the shock of it,
he would actually be like,
oh,
thank God.
You know,
you know,
I'm not saying he would like you,
but he'd be like,
thank God you did me a favor.
I almost fucking married this psycho.
Right?
And,
and then the little Latino hoary girl would be like,
you know,
as mad as I am at you,
um,
you were right.
I was doing the wrong fucking thing,
so I should probably shouldn't be getting married too immature,
blah,
blah.
And uh,
and then you'd stop fucking her.
Right?
That would be the perfect world.
But this is probably what's going to happen.
You're going to do it.
This guy's going to flip out and flip out.
Has a whole rainbow of emotions anywhere from collapsing in the street,
crying and peeing on himself to going over there and choking that woman to
death.
Um,
and she's going to flip the fuck out at you and it's just going to be a big
fucking mess.
Okay.
You going with your gut here?
What kind of a fucking asshole?
What kind of a fucking asshole,
you know,
date somebody who lives on the other side of a fucking ocean.
If you need a passport to get to the person that you're going to marry you,
not only should you not marry them,
you're not even in a relationship with them.
You know what I mean?
Fuck that.
That's fucking retarded.
You know what that is?
He was so used to fuck it.
All those pasty bitches over there in London with their awful fucking teeth and
they're efficient chips,
breath.
All of a sudden he comes over in New York on the fucking Puerto Rican Pride Day
parade and it was over.
That's what happened.
That's what I'm guessing.
Yeah.
Top of those little J.
Lo girls came walking by and he said,
Holy Shit,
life does it have to be this hard.
It's just like sexy beast,
you know?
Do you ever meet the of it Miss London?
I remember that guy was fucking say it all that shit
heavy Cantwell along face Dell make me laugh.
He really made the London scene miserable.
I'm just fucking with you guys.
Some reason I keep shitting on England here.
Yeah,
Dude.
You know what?
You got a great story.
Just fucking tap out man.
You don't want to do that shit.
You know that's his story.
Just tell a little bar.
Fuck this guy.
Fuck up.
You know,
come on.
Really,
this girl is this pig of,
I dunno,
but women are so great at fucking lie.
They really are better at Dennis.
They lie just as much as we do.
So I don't want to make this seem like I'm trashing a women here.
I,
I view women that they're,
they're sitting in the same mud puddle that were sitting in their animals just
like us with the same fucking desires.
The one thing I do like about this story is what I've been saying all along,
getting into horrific arguments with my girlfriend is,
you know,
they,
why don't they ever catch women cheating?
You know,
tiger woods,
another guy getting busted.
It's like the six fucking famous guy to get busted,
you know,
so it really,
people are starting to buy into this shit that guys are the only ones who cheat.
And I can tell you this,
being a road comic,
the amount of fucking married women who have approached me is fucking
ridiculous.
You really sit there yet you got your,
oh my God.
Did the fucking guy just yell at me?
I think he just yelled at me.
I fucking,
what's he going to do?
By the time he walked up all my stairs,
you know what I'm saying?
Um,
anyways,
the fuck was I just talking about.
Yeah.
They just,
they're just,
they're fucking,
they're better at it.
They're better.
They already liked do a mild form of lying all day long.
They call it manipulation.
You know,
that shit that they do.
they want something and they just immediately,
they always know like,
what emotion?
Let me try cute.
And they put their shoulders are,
he did a little fucking smile or they do the pouty face,
you know,
or they're,
they act like they're just like this helpless little fucking thing.
Those are all lies.
This is all shit thickets.
That just basically means there's something that I don't want to do and I want
you to do it for me and I want you to pay for it.
And I want you to,
not only do I want you to do like,
they're so good at it.
It's not even,
it's not even good enough for you to just do it for them.
They want you to actually enjoy it,
enjoy doing it for them like that.
Like that's how much they get your fucking head spinning.
So that's why they never get caught.
That's mine.
That's my belief.
All right,
Bell.
Uh,
I don't even know if that made sense.
I sort of fucking zoned out halfway through that with the Nyquil haze I have
going on here.
No,
actually took dayquil deny.
I don't fucking know.
Anyways,
let's go to overrate.
Underrated,
overrated.
Condescending cons from Connecticut.
Jesus,
a little,
little literation.
They're condescending.
Comes from Connecticut who infest New York bars and grade you on that three
dimensional grid of where you work.
Went to school and live these cards.
Work in PR,
make 30 grand a year and live off daddy's AMX and his rent checks for their
Chelsea flats.
Uh,
should be purged at.
Didn't even make sense to it.
I don't know if you edited that last sentence.
All right
dude,
you got,
you got some issues with women here.
Okay.
First of all,
you're going to wear this condescending cons.
There's plenty of great women out there.
You know,
he just used give fishing in the same poison pod.
what are the names of these places that you go to?
I lived in New York for 12 years.
I never met women like that.
I never met him.
I ain't one of those a Wall Street bars,
you know,
go to go to some,
a little bit different.
Start off with like a sports bar that,
you know,
what about those wine bars?
Is that where you're going?
People sit there and a chat?
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
Um,
I'm just trying to take the edge off or how bad women are getting trashed on
this.
Uh,
underrated.
what the fuck does that say?
Heleo sequence a kick ass band from Portland,
Oregon.
H e l I.
O sequence.
All right,
I'll check those guys out.
Thank you for the email.
All right,
let's get to the questions that I'm going to have to tap out guys because
obviously,
yeah,
I feel too fucking hot here.
All right,
questions bill.
Um,
love the podcast but,
but all,
here's one from a guy who actually went to my Saturday night show at hilarity is
in Cleveland.
Um,
as such,
I was at your late show for,
uh,
last Friday night,
Saturday night and Cleveland.
The group I was with went out for dinner or drinks before the show and everyone
was having a great time.
So we get to the club,
take our seats to the waitress,
informs my buddy that they have some absinthe Martinis,
have set I believe was illegal for a long time and recently now it isn't.
They used to think it makes people go crazy or something like that.
Um,
so anyways,
so he offers to buy them.
Uh,
so my buddy offers to buy,
uh,
those absent Martinis for everyone in our group.
Mind you,
um,
everyone has said that they were not planning on drinking at the club due to
various obligations they had the next day.
So he buys was for everyone but me,
I'm driving even though no one really seems to want it.
Dot.
My girlfriend is a small girl as such,
cannot really hold their liquor that well.
So this Martini cubs that she didn't want it,
she begins to drink it.
I see you're sipping on it throughout the opening of middle acts until it's
finished.
Finally you get on stage.
We're all laughing our asses off.
Then all of a sudden I notice her stop.
I look at her ask if she's okay to which she shakes her head and says no and she
says she needs me to take it to the bathroom.
Okay.
Why I need to go?
I have no idea.
You know why?
Because she's a fucking woman.
They drag you down with them.
If you had to fucking Puke,
you would just get up and puke.
Right.
I need you to go with me.
Yeah.
Fucking Oh God.
It's so fucking annoying.
Why I need to go.
I have no idea.
I guess so I get uh,
I guess so I get to look like,
oh,
I guess so.
I get to look like the Douche walking out with their behind me anyway,
she ends up puking and I ended up having to take her home missing half of your
show.
So my question is,
should I be mad at my buddy for buying her the extremely potent drink that she
didn't want or should I be pissed at her for drinking it after saying she didn't
want it because she didn't want to get drunk.
I'm kind of mad at both of them,
but more so at her because no one put a gun to her head and forced her to drink.
She chose to.
Um,
all right.
Who should you be mad at?
Um,
MMM Christ.
I don't,
I don't fucking know.
These are hard questions.
Do you know what you should kind of be mad at yourself for?
Somehow I had it.
First of all,
you know,
I need you to go with me to the bathroom.
Okay?
You know,
that's just one.
You know what?
That's one of those things where you shouldn't have to go to the fucking
bathroom,
but that's one of those things.
If you don't,
they're going to make it seem like,
you know,
it's Vietnam and you took off in the chopper and left him down there like
fucking Willem to fall.
You know what I mean?
It just becomes a,
yeah.
If you were think I would have fucking blah,
blah,
blah.
You know,
it's amazing,
sweetheart.
Hawaii,
you're always a hero in these hypothetical.
You know why that is?
Because they're hypothetical
and annoys me.
Why do you have to go to the fucking bathroom?
What did you do?
You can't go in there.
What she did?
You sit there with like a glass up to the door so you could hear a puking.
Um,
who should you be mad at?
You should break your fucking buddies balls and then tell your girl that she
needs to take you out for a fucking something or rather just go make her do
something for you.
Break a break her fucking balls about it,
you know,
cause you got fucked it all of that.
You brought your buddies a dickhead.
What do,
what do you care?
You know,
he's probably trying to bang the other girl that's at the table.
Right?
He's doing what he's doing.
He's getting everybody liquored up.
He's trying to be a show off,
right?
Absolutely.
It used to be illegal.
Right.
And he orders all the fucking things.
I Dunno.
That's what,
that's what I would do.
I break your buddy's balls and that I'd make your girlfriend.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Totally go make your breakfast or salted.
It's say it is chauvinistically as possible.
Okay.
You know,
and if she does it,
I would just start jerking off right in front of her.
But that's me.
That's what I do.
All right,
next question.
Hey Bill,
a big fan of yours from the opiate Anthony show and the Monday morning podcast.
You do look,
little quick question for you.
I am a military vet.
I'll do this is a brutal,
this is a brutal situation situation.
Um,
all right,
quick question for you.
I am a military veteran and I also happened to be Korean.
Um,
I'm in college right now and all my friends are white.
When we hang out and get drunk,
the ugly racist shit comes out.
I know the difference between joking around in real hate.
My problem is I was homeless week getting food with my dad went outside.
I hear,
fuck you chink,
yelled at us.
I went blind with rage and jumped out of the car that was going about 20 miles
an hour.
I chased those.
Fuck the two fucks down.
But they are,
I try to,
but they were too fast and got away.
Um,
chickens is probably the racial slur that hurts the most.
That shit really eats away at me.
And my parents are immigrants,
but they work hard and I've never fucked over anyone or cheated on their taxes,
et cetera.
I felt that I served my country for a year in the desert just to come back and
still be hated because I have a small cause I have small eyes and a tiny penis
or you just,
well,
okay.
Okay.
Um,
any advice on how to handle undeserved racism?
Uh,
many advice to help my friends understand what it's like to be a minority.
Anyways,
let me know what you think.
A huge fan of fucking chink.
I'm all right,
dude.
All right.
The first advice I would give you is when you want somebody to understand what
it feels like to be a minority,
you probably shouldn't ask a white male heterosexual.
Because I read that whole thing of,
my big question was was what do you hang out with your friends?
And they get drunk and you know,
all the racist stuff comes out.
And you were like,
I can tell the difference between joking and just,
uh,
in real hate.
Uh,
my question is,
is why?
Just because you're Korean,
that it just seems like my brain for half a second was like,
oh,
he's Korean.
So because he is a minority in this country,
that means he's incapable of racist thoughts.
My question would be,
I'll,
I'll add,
I'll got a question.
If you,
have you ever thought something fucked up,
you had to have,
you know,
okay,
he never saw a black guy coming down the street.
You're like,
oh,
this guy's going to rob me.
And then it turned out,
uh,
you know,
he just cured pancreatic cancer or some shit.
You know,
that never happened.
Who doesn't have that fucking story,
right?
It doesn't make you a bad person,
but what he's supposed to do,
come of age when gangster rap is on the television,
you live in the white suburbs.
You don't know any better.
Um,
the fuck am I doing here?
Let me try to answer this question.
Well,
what the fuck was the question?
Um,
okay.
Any advice on how to handle undeserved racism?
A Cheetah?
I mean,
I dunno.
I Dunno what in tune.
In a perfect world,
you could go out there and beat the living shit out of him and everyone else
would cheer you on as you did it,
you know,
and then buy a drink for serving the country.
I mean,
that's,
you know,
the world I would like to live in.
You know,
you wouldn't kill those people.
Well I guess you would cause they're not going to change.
Yeah.
Fuck it.
Okay.
You know,
then I'll have to traffic a little bit.
Um,
I don't know what to tell you,
dude.
Well,
why don't you,
um,
I'm not trying to be an asshole here,
but I would,
I would probably not hang out with people who got drunk and suddenly started to
sound racist.
You know,
I would pick a better group of friends.
I mean,
it's bad enough.
You got to hear it from strangers.
I wouldn't want my inner circle of people like,
you know,
that's not a good thing.
That's not a good sign.
Do you know what?
I get drunk.
I like to explain stuff.
I don't just start,
you know,
putting on a Klan Hood.
So that would be my advice.
I would get some better friends.
And um,
as far as helping your friends to understand what it's like to be a minority,
I just,
they're not going to be able to understand it.
Yeah.
It's,
they're just not,
they would have to,
uh,
move to South Africa and have a farm that was being taken away from him or some
shit.
Uh,
they'd have to do it like that,
you know?
I Dunno.
And even then they would still have the arrogance of a,
I am a fucking from the white race.
They'd still have that card to throw it down,
you know,
but it really got ugly,
you know?
So,
uh,
I don't think,
yeah,
I don't think somebody white could never understand that.
You know,
you can empathize,
you can listen to the stories and nod and have a concerned look on your face.
But at the end of the day,
you know,
I don't know,
but let me ask you this,
like Koreans.
All right.
Now as far as I know about Asia,
Japanese are sort of the white people have a of Asia,
you know.
Well they kind of don't take kindly consider themselves superior and they looked
down on the Chinese and the Koreans and that type of shit.
And they've kind of been a little cunty with their little shogun warrior
practices.
Is that what they tried to do?
The rape and Dan King and all that shit that they did in world war two,
you know how to Koreans fail.
Why am I asking you this man?
You're from America.
Okay.
Have you ever ran me and I haven't read any books on Ireland or Germany.
I'm an asshole.
Yeah,
I wouldn't even fly by even listening to this.
Okay.
Um,
anyways,
you know what I would do?
Said Steve Bird in email,
comedian Steve Byrne,
hilarious comedian and he is a,
he's half white,
half Korean.
I believe so.
Uh,
yeah.
He'd probably tell you to punch him in the face if I know him.
He likes to play hockey.
All right.
More overrated.
Underrated.
Uh,
I had a great time but you show in Cleveland.
Did it,
did it today.
Underrate.
Okay.
Um,
your,
um,
okay.
This heat,
this guy basically did an overrated,
underrated from the show that he saw me do.
He said underrated the way non smokers smell.
MMM.
I'm not saying that your fans steak,
but sweet Jesus Christ.
I kept looking around during your set because I could've sworn that someone was
smoking a cigarette,
especially those two Hicks who are heckling you.
How was behind them in line for your DVD and they just reeked of cheap tobacco
with booze.
I'm not some militant anti smoking guy.
As a matter of fact,
I quit smoking about four months ago.
I've just horrified that I smelled that bad for 20 years and wasn't even aware
of it.
Another underrated people who don't have to tell you every thought that pops
into their head.
The guy sitting behind me at your show was easily the guy who was laughing the
loudest,
which I'm guessing is good for you as a comedian.
A what you could hear.
Thankfully his,
the way he would comment on almost everything you said on stage.
Uh,
now he goes to give some examples.
what a great analogy bill just made.
Yeah,
that is really,
that is a really old reference.
That's hilarious.
I can't believe bill just said that.
Jesus,
how did you not punch that guy in the throat?
And he said he did about a thousand more deep observations.
Obviously he's being sarcastic.
Uh,
I was glad he was,
enjoyed your show so much,
but fuck,
I just wanted to turn around and tell him it's okay to just think these things.
Dude.
You should have said that.
Uh,
you don't think,
uh,
you don't have to tell your buddy every reaction you're having a bill's chokes
save something for the ride home for Christ sake.
But I didn't say anything because I'm a peace loving pussy who just sits there
and lets people adore him.
Thanks for the great show.
It was nice to meet you afterwards.
All right,
dude.
Sorry you had that bad time.
Yeah,
that was a weird show.
I just had a couple of couple of drunks there who thought they were helping the
show and uh,
they weren't.
So I fucked with them a couple times and then I just had to deliberately make it
uncomfortable.
And then I got out of it.
Then what ended up happening was most people didn't even hear him.
So they were like,
what did they say?
What did they say?
They were yelling Jew.
And then they kept yelling,
faggot.
That's what they were doing.
I don't know why I made a reference to a drain and then they thought it would be
funny if they just kept yelling Jews.
I don't know why they were vibing on,
on some shit.
And then I was talking about some sort of homophobic thing and then they were
yelling,
you faggot,
you fucking faggot.
Faggot.
The whole,
the entire joke,
like every two and a half seconds.
Uh,
and in their world it was hilarious and it was helping my set.
So when are you going to do all right?
I,
uh,
I'm going to go take a bath.
It's a visual foyer.
I'm all fucking aches and pains here.
And I'm not going to fucking take a shower like a fucking man.
That's it.
That's the Monday morning podcast this week.
I apologize for the,
uh,
the nasal problems here,
and I apologize to my country downstairs neighbor.
Everybody have a great week.
And,
uh,
please come out and see me up in a,
the punchline up in Sacramento.
Um,
uninformed radio.com to listen to my radio show with the wonderful Joe Derosa,
the teen idol,
uh,
teen idols,
sensation of the opie and Anthony Radio Program on Sirius Xm.
What else can I hype?
I think that said,
go to [inaudible] dot com I owe about five people on my mailing lists away from
having 10,000 people on my mailing list.
And I would like to,
as a Christmas gift for four of you to sign up for it.
Could you do that?
Lovely.
And that's it.
You guys have a great week.
And I'll talk
DNX index fund.
[inaudible].